hi it's Barbara from Millis florists
today I'm going to show you how to do a
table arrangement for your Christmas
dining table I went to do it today in
gold and whites but obviously you can do
it in whatever colors you want if you're
going to go red so I ping this we can do
that also or you can do it all so first
I'm going to start with the charger
place a little gold plate I'm going to
need a 10 inch wreath frame which is
going to sit on top of the charger plate
so it doesn't wet your table core we've
got the hurricane lamp we've got this
beautiful eye net candle which when it
lights up it's a it's lovely carving on
it we've got five white carnations we've
got the lovely spruces I love all the
different types of green at Christmas
and we've got the lovely berry gated
hallway so to start with with your
wreath what I'm going to get do we're
going to shun for the edge of the where
Isis so you get a nice shape like a nice
door share so the senses all around it
watch your fingers and obviously
thankless it over a bin carve it so this
will give us all of the without it
being too square it'll give us a nice
strong so just leave it in a bowl
of water set for about 20 minutes now
next stage get your charger plate put
your wreath frame on top of it then put
your hurricane lump inside and this will
give you an idea of how high to come
with your forages then it is spruce cut
it as an angle make sure you strip all
the pine needles off it because you want
a nice clean stem to go into your away
Essex and all we're going to do now is
go around the wreath
with different types of eyes and get
your holler again keeping a nice clean
stamp and your egg must going a good
inch into your SS unless you can use all
types of greener if you've got foliage
in the garden but sloth work and I've
picked there so so amongst garden
sneaked it out so then just work your
way around the whole of the Oasis just
covering all your away SS now that's the
design with all the foliage in though as
you can see you can see the lovely gold
charger plate showing in between the
foliage which looks really nice and
gives it a bit of shine now I'm just
going to put in the white carnations
again trim them off a good inch and a
half to go into their waste is because
I'll it'll last longer
you can put all sorts of things in here
sometimes I will put nuts in which is
nice because it gives it a lift with
different textures or anything you like
and going here just to finish it off as
you can see I'm just pressing cutting
them quite shot and placing them around
no SS a different places you can make
this is passe or as plain as you like
I quite like it were just a few fibers
that's it we build the carnation zone
and now just add it like a little bit of
frosted a lock I'm going to do is spray
it with this special flowers blue sprays
our own then we do then is put some
iridescent glitter on it this is lovely
because when little candles lit can give
a little blue light frosted look zip it
up and then have a look that's it in a
moment I'll light the candle and you can
see what it looks like lit so the venue
candle just goes into the sensor which
is really good to have it in the
hurricane and in the glass because it
actually protects for safety reasons ah
nobody gets burnt of the reaching on
forever so now we're just going to and
second final picture with a candle
letter you can see what the lovely
candle looks like
you